Update disks-redundancy.md (#75192)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-machines/disks-redundancy.md

### Billing implications

For details see the [Azure pricing page](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/managed-disks/).

### Comparison with other disk types

Except for more write latency, disks using ZRS are identical to disks using LRS. They have the same performance targets. We recommend you to conduct [disk-benchmarking](disks-benchmarks.md) to simulate the workload of your application for comparing the latency between the LRS and ZRS disks. 

### Limitations

During the preview, ZRS for managed disks has the following restrictions:

- Only supported with premium solid-state drives (SSD) and standard SSDs.
- Currently available only in the West US 2, West Europe, North Europe and France Central regions.
- ZRS disks can only be created with Azure Resource Manager templates using the `2020-12-01` API.

> ## Prerequisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Prerequisites
```

> You must enable the feature for your subscription. Please follow the steps below to enable the feature for your subscription:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must enable the feature for your subscription. Use the following steps to enable the feature for your subscription:
```

1.	Execute the following command to register the feature for your subscription

    ```powershell
     Register-AzProviderFeature -FeatureName "SsdZrsManagedDisks" -ProviderNamespace "Microsoft.Compute" 
    ```

> 2.	Please check that the registration state is Registered (takes a few minutes) using the command below before trying out the feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.	Confirm that the registration state is **Registered** (it may take a few minutes) using the following command before trying out the feature.
```
